# HSL_DEV

## Overview
This repo contains python scripts for analyzing MEA electrophysiology data.

Please generate issues in github (here) or email max (jackson.max.e@gmail.com) to report errors, difficulties, comments, and requests. 

## Installation
Download and install Anaconda for Python 2.7, found here: https://www.continuum.io/downloads

Download this repository and unzip it in your directory of choice. 

Double-click on setup.bat to run the setup batch file. 


## Usage
To use these scripts, double click on their associated batch file. Alternatively, open a command line in the script's directory and enter `python script_name.py`. 
For example, to use CV_dev.py, enter `python CV_dev.py`.

Note that these analysis scripts currently analyze text files generated by MC_DataTool - before analyzing a file, be sure to generate its text file via mcd_datatool_gen.bat. 

### QT_dev.py
Analyzes QT intervals. The user selects a file, the channels to analyze within the file, then the QT region for each selected channel. The output is written to the command line for review. 

### CV_dev.py
Analyzes conduction velocity. The user selects a file, the two channels across which to analyze conduction velocity, then the region of data across which to analyze conduction velocity. The output is written to the command line for review. 

### Neuro_Pca_dev.py 
Analyzes and graphs spike features. The user selects a file and the channels to analyze within that file. 

### mcd_datatool_gen.py 
Generates bulk conversion scripts for MC DataTool. The user selects a folder, then the script generates a conversion script for MC_Datatool to convert all of the .mcd files in the folder and its subfolders. 

The script then generates a batch file that runs MC_DataTool with the generated conversion file. Run this batch file to convert the files you selected. 

The text files generated are placed in an 'Output' folder in the script's local directory. 
